detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a crime film called dirty
pretty things
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
a young cab driver named oakway searches
for his next customer at the london city
airport
oakway is a kind mild-mannered man
juggling several jobs in london
where he lives as an illegal immigrant
because of this he always finds himself
in shady dealings
one evening before meeting his boss at
the cab company he hands a newly
falsified id to a friend and customer of
his
he then visits his boss and the man
greets oakway by unzipping his pants and
showing him his groin
his boss tells him that he's contracted
some sort of infection and asks for his
help
calling oakway a doctor he gives him
some medical advice
recommending him to take amoxicillin for
the infection but his boss starts asking
for the pills
oakway refuses it first asserting that
he's not a doctor
but his boss manages to convince him in
exchange
he provides oakway more opportunities to
earn money as a driver by giving him
exclusive access to the passengers in
south london
oakway then leaves and goes to his other
job at the baltic hotel
where he works as a receptionist oakway
is greeted by the friendly dormant ivan
as he enters the hotel
while he's at the front desk a young
turkish woman named chennai jelly comes
in
oakway sees her coming in from the
security cameras and moves to approach
her
she intentionally drops her keys leaving
oakway to come and pick them up
oakway then asks shania if he can cook
lunch for her that day
but she refuses with that oakway returns
to his desk
and ivan teasingly asks if the two are
having an affair
he denies this saying that he mostly
stays there when shania is away
later a call girl comes down from the
stairs to the hotel
lobby she flirtatiously teases oakway
telling him that he should check on the
room
the call girl leaves and oakway goes to
inspect the room
there he sees a clogged toilet
overflowing with water so he uses a bent
hanger to unclog it
suddenly oakway hits something
flesh-like and blood starts to surface
from the water
after covering his arm with a plastic
bag he takes out the source of the
clogging
then realizes that it's a human heart
oakway is shocked by the whole thing
but he decides to place it in a bag and
tell his boss sneaky
sneaky drives up to the hotel and
demands for ivan who's slacking off and
smoking a cigarette in the lobby
after parking his car he scolds his
employees when he sees trash lying on
the ground
as he enters his office oakway follows
him while still holding the plastic bag
he reports that he found the human heart
in one of the rooms and urges sneaky to
call the police
sneaky agrees to do so but he insists
that oakway should file the report
knowing that he's an illegal immigrant
sneaky isn't surprised when oakway
refuses to speak with the authorities
still he emphasizes that the hotel
business is about strangers and that the
less they know
the better sneaky tries to give him some
cash for his troubles but okay refuses
and leaves
oakway heads to shania's apartment where
he fails to get any sleep
instead he goes out to visit his friend
guo ye at the mortuary
goyi announces that he now has a good
move that he thought of for their
ongoing chess match
he shows him the move and oakway
approves of it however
he still beats will you with ease in the
next three moves
oakway then tells guo yi about the human
heart incident
he tries to seek an explanation for it
and guo yi suspects that someone must
have brought the heart with them
he also advises oakway not to ask too
many questions especially since he's an
illegal immigrant there
just then a corpse comes in for guo yi
and he gives oakway the amoxicillin for
his boss before he leaves
oakway goes down to the wet market and
purchases cot an herbal stimulant akin
to methamphetamine
it's through this that he's able to stay
awake and juggle both his day and night
jobs
he then spots chennai as she's walking
by she avoids him on the street and
heads straight to her apartment where
the two of them live together
chennai panics warning him to be more
cautious and oakway tells her that she
should have her key duplicated to make
it easier for him to enter the place
afterward oakway prepares lunch for
chennai he asks her if she cleaned the
fifth floor
which is where he found the human heart
she however
disregards the question the two share a
meal and this is when chennai discovers
that oakway was a trained doctor in his
home country but is forced to be a
driver in london
later on oakway delivers the amoxicillin
pills to his boss
who reports that three of his men also
got the disease
oakway jokes saying that the woman was a
popular lady
his boss then asks him for more of the
pills one evening in the hotel
oakway receives a food order from one of
the rooms he tells them the kitchen is
closed but ivan stops him
he then instructs oakway to prepare the
meal and keep the extra cash for himself
later that night he visits the room
where he found the human heart
oakway is then startled when the call
girl and one of her customers enter the
room
he hides in the bathroom behind the
shower curtain and from there
he witnesses the customer hitting the
call girl in retaliation
the woman sprays the man with mace
finally
oak way reveals himself and firmly tells
the man to leave
he checks if the woman has a concussion
surprising her when he detects that she
doesn't
after making an off-handed accusation of
him spying on her
she introduces herself as julia he
reasons that he was just making sure
that the blockage hasn't returned
then advises her to go home and rest
with that the two say their goodbyes
one afternoon when oakway was ironing
his clothes at chennai's place
immigration agents start barging in
chennai's door oakway hides and the two
agents start ransacking and searching
the place
they tell shania that she's still not
allowed to be employed in any
establishment
their suspicions then rise as they find
matches for the baltic hotel
along with oakway shoes oakway nearly
gets caught
but he manages to escape through the
bathroom window the following evening
the immigration agents arrive at the
hotel asking oakway at the front desk
for chennai
okwe is tremendously anxious knowing
fully well that if they find chennai
with a job
she will be deported he then calls ivan
to stop chennai but he's currently in
the storage room with julia
right before chennai could enter the
hotel ivan steps out
intercepting her arrival the day after
chennai tells oakway that she found
another job at a factory
he feels guilty and responsible for
shania losing her job
and he then goes to sneaky to collect
her pay there okwe is shocked to find a
man aching in pain
he tries to speak with him but they
aren't able to communicate in a common
language
sneaky comes into the room nonchalantly
ignores the suffering man
and gives oquation eyes final pay before
leaving
oakway inspects the man's wounds and he
sees that he has an infected wound from
a botched kidney operation
oakway demands that they go to a
hospital but sneaky says that they won't
go to one for fear of being deported
because of this oakway spends his day
sneaking into a hospital and stealing
medical equipment
he goes to operate on the man's wound
then proceeds to give him the stolen
medicine
here he meets a young girl who
interprets for the immigrant family
she says that they sold his kidney to
get citizenship in london and that the
operation was done in the hotel
later okwe goes to meet chennai who's
been waiting for him for over an hour
after giving her the pay he tells her
that he'll collect his things and leave
her apartment for fear of endangering
her any further
shania advises oakway to be cautious
about chewing cot leaves
then oakway leaves the store for her own
safety he warns her to stay away from
him
later on okwe asks for guo yi's help to
find a place to stay
boyie gives oakway the keys to the
mortuary and tells him to stay there at
night when no one else is around
curious about oakway's medical skills
sneaky reaches out to one of his
contacts to learn more about him
meanwhile at chennai's workplace
immigration barges in once again to
search for her
the workers hide from the police while
the factory owner stays behind to answer
the police's questions
the owner denies knowing chennai and
later on he blackmails her
he threatens to report her to the
immigration agents if she doesn't
perform obscene favors for him
back at the hotel okwe is surprised when
sneaky calls him by his full name
after his digging earlier he had
discovered that oakway is a doctor
certified by
the nigerian government sneaky then
makes oakway an offer to be the surgeon
for his illegal organ business but in
exchange
he and chennai will receive a passport
so they can either leave london or stay
as legal citizens
despite oakway's refusals sneaky
continually persuades him
one evening all the cod is finally
getting to oakway and he's starting to
experience blackouts from his excessive
consumption
he wakes up to the sound of an alarm
clock going off and he peruses his desk
for a letter that's addressed to him
the letter came from sneaky and it
contains a picture of an eight-year-old
girl
he then receives a call from sneaky who
tells him that the little girl is dying
her family's looking to buy a kidney but
the doctor they have is no good
if he messes up again they'll have
another heart down the toilet
sneaky wants oak way to help her then
comments on the irony of being an evil
man who wants to save the girl's life
deeply conflicted oakway could only hang
the phone up
right after he gets a call from a crying
shania
she pleads with oakway to go ahead with
what sneaky wants in order to get a
passport
that morning oakway goes to shania's
place only to find her in tears while
frantically dancing to music
okway is confused with shania's behavior
and she only tells him that she wants to
leave the factory and go to america
one okay realizes what she's getting at
he yells at her to stay away from sneaky
while she desperately retorts that it's
just like taking out a tooth
oakway raises his voice trying to make
her understand that they'll just gut her
like a fish
because she's poor and leave the rest of
her to rot shania walks away after
telling him that one of the laundry
girls did it
and now she's free oak way reminds her
that others are dead
but shania tells him that they're free
too grim
oakway asks her what her god would say
but shania bitterly answers that her god
no longer speaks with her
finally she sits down and with tears
still in her eyes
she reveals that her boss blackmails and
abuses her
later on during lunch in chennai's
workplace she goes into the bathroom
with her boss
once again he blackmails her into
pleasuring him
this time however she bites his member
hard and escapes from the factory
stealing a few clothes on her way out
oakway reports to the cab company where
his boss tells him to go see chennai
who's waiting for him in the back room
there chennai tells oakway what happened
with her boss at the factory
and she breaks down crying in his arms
he takes chennai to the mortuary so she
could have a temporary place to stay
with chennai settled oak way leaves and
goes to his job at the hotel
that evening he receives a call to bring
room service on the fifth floor
in the room he is greeted by sneaky in
the latest kidney seller
the young african woman tries to
solemnly persuade oakway to operate on
her in order to receive the passport
finally okwe has had enough and he pins
sneaky to the wall while pointing a
scalpel at him
unmoved sneaky only mocks him asking if
he thinks that the world is wrong and
he's right
then he provokes him asking if oakway
will cut him up and flush him down
at this point opway's reached his limit
he storms out of the room
angrily removes his work clothes then
goes to see chennai
back at the mortuary oakway is surprised
to find guo yi and chennai waiting for
him with shania out in the cold
freaking out about the dead bodies
inside goyi then hands oakway an address
in chinatown where the two of them can
stay
before leaving woo yee advises okwe
letting him know that shania is in love
with him
oakway then takes chennai to the
cemetery where he tells her that that's
where he goes to remember his wife
with that he asks her to let go of love
and focus only on survival
oakway gives her the address of the room
in chinatown and departs
this leaves shania heartbroken and she
stops following oakway
now that he's gone shania decides to go
to sneaky to have her kidney solved
in the hotel room chennai and sneaky
make preparations for her new fake
passport
he takes advantage of the woman's
desperation forcing her to sleep with
him
hopeless shania could only agree to
sneaky's terms and gives up her chastity
to him
later that night oakway visits chennai
who asks him for a morning after pill
realizing what happened okwe leaves the
room and goes to stop sneaky at the
parking lot before he takes off
solemn oakway tells him that he will not
allow him to butcher chennai
and he demands to perform the operation
himself in turn he wants a passport and
a new identity
sneaky agrees and oakway begins to make
preparations with the help of his
friends
that night juliette stops by shania's
room and introduces herself as oakway's
friend
juliet gives shania the morning after
pills and the two become friends
during the operation okway has set up
the room and the equipment with shania
lying unconscious at a table
he explains he sedated chennai and he
will need sneaky's assistance during the
operation
for this he gives sneaky a bottle of
beer to keep his hands stable
suddenly sneaky falls over after
drinking the beer
oakway gives the signal to chennai and
she gets up to help oakway turn the
tables on sneaky
and operate on him instead juliet then
comes in with a pack of ice and assists
with the operation while guo yi stands
by in the front entrance with his car
for a quick getaway
after extracting the kidney okway juliet
and chennai move to give the kidney to
the buyer in the parking lot
the buyer then hands them the money and
after the transaction
they make their way to guo okay hands
julie at her share of the money
then guo yi takes oakway and shania to
the airport in the car
okwe explains that he was forced to flee
his home country after being falsely
accused of murdering his wife
leaving behind his seven-year-old
daughter in laos because of this
oakway sorrowfully tells shania that he
can't go with her to new york
he needs to be with his daughter now
that he has a new identity
they arrive at the airport and okwe says
goodbye to his friend guoyi
there the two say their final goodbyes
to one another and chennai hands oakway
the address of her sister's cafe in new
york
as chennai boards the plane they look at
each other from a distance and mouth the
words i love you to one another
afterward okuy goes to a telephone and
calls his daughter in laos
with tears in his eyes he tells her that
he's finally coming home
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching